https://www.tanjanews.com/ Morocco
https://www.almaghribtoday.net/ Morocco
https://www.mayottehebdo.com/ Mayotte
https://www.defimedia.info/ Mauritius
https://lexpress.mu/ Mauritius
http://www.lemauricien.com/ Mauritius
https://rimnow.com/ Mauritania
http://www.alakhbar.info/ Mauritania
https://cridem.org/ Mauritania
https://www.saharamedias.net/ Mauritania
http://anbaa.info/ Mauritania
https://azzaman.info/ Mauritania
https://alwiam.info/ Mauritania
https://alikhbari.net/ Mauritania
http://www.alkhabar.mr/ Mauritania
https://anbaatlas.com/ Mauritania
http://www.lecalame.info/ Mauritania
https://arayalmostenir.com/ Mauritania
https://nouadibou.info/ Mauritania
https://www.tawassoul.net/ Mauritania
https://ani.mr/ Mauritania
http://alqad.info/ Mauritania
http://essahraa.net/ Mauritania
https://www.elbadil.info/ Mauritania
http://meyadin.net/ Mauritania
https://www.rimtoday.net/ Mauritania
http://elwatan.info/ Mauritania
http://taqadoum.mr/ Mauritania
https://amicinfo.com/ Mauritania
http://elhourriya.net/ Mauritania
https://tawary.com/ Mauritania
https://essirage.net/ Mauritania
https://aqlame.com/ Mauritania
https://mourassiloun.com/ Mauritania
https://www.atlasinfo.info/ Mauritania
https://www.maliweb.net/ Mali
http://www.malijet.com/ Mali
https://www.maliactu.net/ Mali
http://bamada.net/ Mali
http://www.abamako.com/ Mali
https://lessor.ml/ Mali
https://www.journaldumali.com/ Mali
https://www.afribone.com/ Mali
https://www.nyasatimes.com/ Malawi
https://mwnation.com/ Malawi
https://www.maravipost.com/ Malawi
https://www.laverite.mg/ Madagascar
https://www.madagascar-tribune.com/ Madagascar
https://midi-madagasikara.mg/ Madagascar
https://lexpress.mg/ Madagascar
https://www.moov.mg/ Madagascar
http://gasykamanja.com/ Madagascar
https://newsmada.com/ Madagascar
https://gasy.net/ Madagascar
https://madagate.org/ Madagascar
https://alwasat.ly/ Libya
https://www.libyaherald.com/ Libya
https://lana.gov.ly/ Libya
https://www.frontpageafricaonline.com/ Liberia
http://www.liberianobserver.com/ Liberia
https://gnnliberia.com/ Liberia
https://www.lestimes.com/ Lesotho
https://sundayexpress.co.ls/ Lesotho
https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/ Kenya
https://www.the-star.co.ke/ Kenya
https://www.nation.co.ke/ Kenya
https://www.businessdailyafrica.com/ Kenya
https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/ Kenya
https://www.kenyan-post.com/ Kenya
https://nairobiwire.com/ Kenya
https://www.mwakilishi.com/ Kenya
https://www.kenyabuzz.com/ Kenya
https://www.kenya-today.com/ Kenya
https://www.jambonewspot.com/ Kenya
https://www.africaguinee.com/ Guinea
https://guineenews.org/ Guinea
https://www.guinee7.com/ Guinea
https://mediaguinee.com/ Guinea
https://www.aminata.com/ Guinea
https://www.espacefmguinee.info/ Guinea
https://www.guineeconakry.info/ Guinea
https://www.guinee24.com/ Guinea
https://conakryinfos.com/ Guinea
https://www.guineemining.info/ Guinea
https://www.guineetime.com/ Guinea
https://www.lejourguinee.com/ Guinea
https://www.modernghana.com/ Ghana
https://www.graphic.com.gh/ Ghana
https://newsghana.com.gh/ Ghana
http://www.ghanamma.com/ Ghana
https://www.ghanavisions.com/ Ghana
https://www.thestatesmanonline.com/ Ghana
https://thepoint.gm/ Gambia
https://standard.gm/ Gambia
https://www.freedomnewspaper.com/ Gambia
