https://www.polity.org.za/ South Africa
https://www.politicsweb.co.za/ South Africa
https://www.capetownmagazine.com/ South Africa
https://www.media24.com/ South Africa
https://www.greengazette.co.za/ South Africa
https://hiiraan.com/ Somalia
https://www.allbanaadir.org/ Somalia
https://www.somalinet.com/ Somalia
http://jowhar.com/ Somalia
https://boramanews.com/ Somalia
https://www.dayniiile.com/ Somalia
http://www.oodweynemedia.com/ Somalia
https://www.puntlandpost.net/ Somalia
https://horseedmedia.net/ Somalia
https://allgalgaduud.com/ Somalia
https://waagacusub.com/ Somalia
http://dhacdo.net/ Somalia
https://gabiley.net/ Somalia
https://warqaad.info/ Somalia
https://somaliaonline.com/ Somalia
https://somaliska.com/ Somalia
https://thesierraleonetelegraph.com/ Sierra Leone
https://www.nation.sc/ Seychelles
https://www.seneweb.com/ Senegal
https://senenews.com/ Senegal
https://senego.com/ Senegal
https://www.expat-dakar.com/ Senegal
https://www.dakaractu.com/ Senegal
https://walf-groupe.com/ Senegal
https://www.lequotidien.sn/ Senegal
https://www.pressafrik.com/ Senegal
https://leral.net/ Senegal
https://rewmi.com/ Senegal
https://xalimasn.com/ Senegal
https://lesoleil.sn/ Senegal
https://www.ndarinfo.com/ Senegal
https://senxibar.com/ Senegal
https://www.setal.net/ Senegal
https://www.koldanews.com/ Senegal
https://www.telanon.info/ Sao Tome & Principe
https://www.newtimes.co.rw/ Rwanda
https://igihe.com/ Rwanda
https://inyarwanda.com/ Rwanda
https://kigalitoday.com/ Rwanda
https://umuseke.rw/ Rwanda
https://www.linfo.re/ Reunion
https://clicanoo.re/ Reunion
http://www.lequotidien.re/ Reunion
https://www.reunionnaisdumonde.com/ Reunion
https://www.regionreunion.com/ Reunion
https://imazpress.com/ Reunion
https://www.temoignages.re/ Reunion
https://7lameslamer.net/ Reunion
https://www.lesahel.org/ Niger
https://tamtaminfo.com/ Niger
https://www.namibian.com.na/ Namibia
https://www.namibiansun.com/ Namibia
https://republikein.com.na/ Namibia
https://clubofmozambique.com/ Mozambique
https://opais.co.mz/ Mozambique
https://jornalnoticias.co.mz/ Mozambique
https://verdade.co.mz/ Mozambique
https://www.hespress.com/ Morocco
http://www.akhbarona.com/ Morocco
https://www.menara.ma/ Morocco
https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/ Morocco
https://www.yabiladi.com/ Morocco
https://fr.le360.ma/ Morocco
https://www.lematin.ma/ Morocco
https://www.bladi.net/ Morocco
https://alyaoum24.com/ Morocco
https://www.goud.ma/ Morocco
http://www.hibapress.com/ Morocco
https://rue20.com/ Morocco
https://www.nadorcity.com/ Morocco
https://www.ariffino.net/ Morocco
https://assabah.ma/ Morocco
https://www.agadir24.info/ Morocco
https://www.presstetouan.com/ Morocco
https://aujourdhui.ma/ Morocco
https://www.h24info.ma/ Morocco
https://www.maghress.com/ Morocco
https://www.lopinion.ma/ Morocco
https://www.infomediaire.net/ Morocco
https://www.febrayer.com/ Morocco
https://le2minutes.com/ Morocco
https://www.ahdath.info/ Morocco
https://telexpresse.com/ Morocco
https://www.map.ma/ Morocco
https://kifache.com/ Morocco
https://www.tanja24.com/ Morocco
https://dalil-rif.com/ Morocco
https://www.chtoukapress.com/ Morocco
https://www.libe.ma/ Morocco
https://maroc-hebdo.press.ma/ Morocco
