https://www.almasryalyoum.com/ Egypt
http://www.youm7.com/ Egypt
https://www.masrawy.com/ Egypt
https://www.elbalad.news/ Egypt
https://www.ahram.org.eg/ Egypt
https://al-monitor.com/ Egypt
https://vetogate.com/ Egypt
https://www.alaraby.co.uk/ Egypt
https://www.elwatannews.com/ Egypt
https://news.elbadil.com/ Egypt
https://www.egyptindependent.com/ Egypt
https://www.shorouknews.com/ Egypt
https://www.egypttoday.com/ Egypt
https://www.dostor.org/ Egypt
https://www.elfagr.org/ Egypt
https://www.dailynewsegypt.com/ Egypt
https://elbashayer.com/ Egypt
https://middle-east-online.com/ Egypt
https://akhbarelyom.com/ Egypt
https://albawabhnews.com/ Egypt
https://www.akhbarak.net/ Egypt
https://eremnews.com/ Egypt
https://www.almesryoon.com/ Egypt
https://www.mena.org.eg/ Egypt
https://www.wataninet.com/ Egypt
https://www.arabstoday.net/ Egypt
http://www.almogaz.com/ Egypt
https://www.ikhwanonline.com/ Egypt
https://www.soutalomma.com/ Egypt
https://www.egypt-today.com/ Egypt
https://misr5.com/ Egypt
https://www.elmogaz.com/ Egypt
https://www.tahrirnews.com/ Egypt
https://www.moheet.com/ Egypt
https://www.masress.com/ Egypt
https://www.dotmsr.com/ Egypt
https://www.alnaharegypt.com/ Egypt
https://www.washwasha.org/ Egypt
http://www.adi.dj/ Djibouti
https://www.alqarn.dj/ Djibouti
https://www.lanation.dj/ Djibouti
https://www.abidjan.net/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://www.linfodrome.com/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://www.fratmat.info/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://connectionivoirienne.net/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://www.aip.ci/ Cote d'Ivoire
http://www.ivorian.net/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://ladepechedabidjan.info/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://gbich.net/ Cote d'Ivoire
https://mediacongo.net/ Congo DR
https://7sur7.cd/ Congo DR
https://www.congoindependant.com/ Congo DR
http://www.congopage.com/ Congo DR
https://www.congoforum.be/fr Congo DR
https://www.alwatwan.net/ Comoros
http://www.comores-actualites.com/ Comoros
https://www.alwihdainfo.com/ Chad
https://www.journaldutchad.com/ Chad
https://www.anacao.cv/ Cape Verde
http://www.sapo.cv/ Cape Verde
https://www.afrik.com/ Cameroon
https://www.journalducameroun.com/ Cameroon
http://cameroon-info.net/ Cameroon
http://camer.be/ Cameroon
https://www.cameroon-tribune.cm/ Cameroon
https://www.cameroononline.org/ Cameroon
https://237online.com/ Cameroon
https://www.africapresse.com/ Cameroon
http://www.iwacu-burundi.org/ Burundi
http://www.arib.info/ Burundi
https://lefaso.net/ Burkina Faso
https://burkina24.com/ Burkina Faso
https://lepays.bf/ Burkina Faso
https://fasozine.com/ Burkina Faso
https://www.courrierconfidentiel.net/ Burkina Faso
https://www.reporterbf.net/ Burkina Faso
https://evenement-bf.net/ Burkina Faso
https://mmegi.bw/ Botswana
https://thevoicebw.com/ Botswana
https://www.sundaystandard.info/ Botswana
https://www.lanouvelletribune.info/ Benin
https://www.club-k.net/ Angola
https://www.angonoticias.com/ Angola
https://angola24horas.com/ Angola
http://www.portalangop.co.ao/ Angola
https://www.ennaharonline.com/ Algeria
https://www.echoroukonline.com/ Algeria
https://www.elkhabar.com/ Algeria
https://www.aps.dz/ Algeria
https://www.algerie360.com/ Algeria
https://www.djelfa.info/ Algeria
https://www.tsa-algerie.com/ Algeria
https://www.elbilad.net/ Algeria
https://www.elwatan.com/ Algeria
https://www.lesoirdalgerie.com/ Algeria
